Add converting base58 to hex (#6)
idos-network/idos-extensions: README.md

export ETH_RPC_URL=xxx
export NEAR_RPC_URL=xxx
```

> By default ETH_RPC_URL is `http://127.0.0.1:8545/`. If you want to connect th chain run in your host machine, i.e. hardhat running locally in development environment, you should use `http://host.docker.internal:8545/` instead to access host machine port from the container.

Reviewer: This is only true for macOS.

```bash
$ host host.docker.internal
Host host.docker.internal not found: 3(NXDOMAIN)
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `ETH_RPC_URL` is `http://127.0.0.1:8545/`. If you're using macOS and want to connect the chain running in your host machine (i.e. hardhat running locally in development environment), you should use `http://host.docker.internal:8545/` instead to access host machine port from the container.
```
